<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_email_reminders_and_email_notifications">
    <title>Email Reminders and Email Notifications</title>
    <shortdesc>Email Reminders is a tool used to set up email messages to be sent on an interval
        basis to remind employees to perform certain actions, such as:</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <ul id="ul_ncn_4sn_y4b">
            <li><b>Handing in Overdue Receipts</b>: A company may want to enforce that an employee
                not be reimbursed until receipts have been received for an expense report, either
                the physical receipts or imaged receipts. Receipts not received may also hold up
                future expense report reimbursements. </li>
            <li><b>Overdue Approvals</b>: A company may want to enforce managers to approve expense
                reports within a certain amount of time as defined by the company.</li>
            <li><b>Using Company Card Transactions in an expense report</b>: A company may want to
                enforce that company card transactions must be added to an expense report within a
                certain timeframe.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>Email reminders send the emails to the individual based on the time intervals set within
            the configuration. For example reminders are typically triggered after a given number of
            days based on when a condition has been met. Reminders can also be triggered/repeat at
            regular intervals (daily or every x number of days). Where irregular intervals are
            needed separate rules need to be configured.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
